Add instructions to run comparative benchmarks locally (#1093)
TulipaEnergy/TulipaEnergyModel.jl: docs/src/91-developer.md

  results = run(SUITE, verbose=true)
  ```

### Manually running the benchmark across versions

We use the package [AirspeedVelocity.jl](https://github.com/MilesCranmer/AirspeedVelocity.jl) to run the benchmarks in the CI, but it can also be used to compare explicitly named versions manually.

> 1. Run the following to install AirspeedVelocity's commands to your Julia `bin` folder (`~/.julia/bin` on MacOS and Linux)

Reviewer: It took me a bit to find it in Windows, so adding a comment for Windows' users

```suggestion
1. Run the following to install AirspeedVelocity's commands to your Julia `bin` folder (`~/.julia/bin` on MacOS and Linux). On Windows, if you are using the default Julia installation, search for `C:/Users/` then the folder of your Windows user and then `.julia/bin`
```

   ```bash

>    julia -e 'using Pkg; Pkg.activate(temp=true); Pkg.add("AirspeedVelocity")'

Reviewer: More for curiosity: Why do we need the `temp=true`?

Author: We don't need to explicitly install `AirspeedVelocity` anywhere, so we create a temp env to not pollute any project or global env.

   ```

1. Check that `benchpkg` was installed:

   ```bash
   benchpkg --version
   ```

>    If if can't be found, then it is possible that your Julia `bin` folder is not in the `PATH`. After fixing this, try again.

Reviewer: Nice! it acctually happened to me 😝

Author: I hope it was easy to fix, because on Windows I have no idea

Reviewer: Yes, I am used to it as a native Windows user 😛, but there is plenty of information about how to add a folder in the `PATH`

1. Then, run `benchpkg` with `--rev` to list the versions to be tested and `--bench-on` to indicate with script to use (if necessary). For instance:

   ```bash
   benchpkg TulipaEnergyModel --rev=v0.12.0,main --bench-on=main

>    ```

Reviewer: I tested what happens with older versions, and as in the CI benchmarks, the versions must have same internal structure(?) and the benchmark files must also be the same (?)...

Anyway, my point is that I tried `--rev=v0.10.4` and it failed. As expected. So, maybe me should add a note or warning that versions you are comparing must be compatible for benchmarking otherwise the benchmark will fail.

I am unsure how to write to clarify it, so please add it as you think it is more understandable.

Author: True, let me write something

>    It is possible to use `dirty` as a `rev` value, to get the local modification. Alternatively, list tags or branches to compare.

Reviewer: I got the following error when  using `dirty`:
```bash
Error: You must specify a `path` when using the `dirty` revision.
```
So, actually, you need to type it like this to work:

```bash
benchpkg TulipaEnergyModel --path="C:\github-repos\TulipaEnergyModel.jl" --rev=dirty,main --bench-on=main
```

Then it worked. So, Maybe we can add something like this in the text:

```suggestion
   It is possible to use `dirty` as a `rev` value, to get the local modification. If So, you must also pass the `path` to your local package files. For instance:

```bash
benchpkg TulipaEnergyModel --path="PATH TO YOUR LOCAL REPO" --rev=dirty,main --bench-on=main
```

Alternatively, list tags or branches to compare.
```

Author: True, let me write something a bit different. An easier way is to just move to the TulipaEnergyModel repo and remove the `TulipaEnergyModel` argument, which is what I was trying before.
